feat: Implement loadbalancing algo per route (#40)
cloudfoundry/route-registrar: README.md

        "name": "HEALTH_CHECK_NAME",
        "script_path": "/path/to/check/executable",
        "timeout": "HEALTH_CHECK_TIMEOUT"
      },
      "options": {

>         "lb_algorithm": "least-connections"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "lb_algorithm": "least-connection"
```

We should stick to the values we already have [on the gorouter spec](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/routing-release/blob/develop/jobs/gorouter/spec#L102), namely `round-robin` and `least-connection` (without the 's')

Author: Good point. I would keep the same naming for the property - `lb_algo`, mentioned in the [RFC](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/community/blob/main/toc/rfc/rfc-0027-generic-per-route-features.md#gorouter).

  the timeout, it is forcibly terminated (with `SIGKILL`) and the routes are
  deregistered.

### Options
Custom per-route options can be defined and applied to specific routes exclusively.

> - `lb_algorithm` enables the selection of a load balancing algorithm for routing incoming requests to backend. It possible to choose between `round-robin` and `least-connections`. In cases where this option is not specified, the default algorithm `round-robin` is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lb_alg` enables the selection of a load balancing algorithm for routing incoming requests to the backend. It is possible to choose between `round-robin` and `least-connection`. In cases where this option is not specified, the algorithm [defined by the platform operator](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/routing-release/blob/develop/jobs/gorouter/spec#L101) is applied.
```
